---
layout: default
title: Testimonials
permalink: /testimonials/
---

<h1>Client Testimonials</h1>

<div class="client-testimonial">
<!-- insert iframe -->
<p class ="testimonial-text">
<!-- QUOTE TEXT -->
</p>
<p class="testimonial-author">
<!-- QUOTE AUTHOR -->
</p>
<hr>


<div class="client-testimonial"><!--base32-c9gq6t9k68pk8cbde1vqexhncmwqachgenh3ct9tcxr7ax1t60pp4rbkcmtk4-base32--><p class="testimonial-text"><!--base32-c9gq6t9k68pk8c9rdtgppxbd71pped9rd1gq4rb7cwr2urk1edjk6cg-base32--></p><p>We highly recommend Mustafa. Trying to sell a property long distance has it's challenges.  We started out FSBO.  After speaking to Mustafa, he sent us video correspondence we could watch at our convenience.  Although he followed up, he was not pushy.  He advised us honestly and accurately.  We've never even met in person but I feel like we know him.  We were more than pleased with his services and would highly recommend him to anyone else.</p><p class="testimonial-author"><!--base32-c9gq6t9k68pk8c9rdtgppxbd71pped1jdtgpue9h6xq38e1g5nh62wv56ct0-base32-->- Brandy Waugh</p><hr />

<p class="testimonial-text"><!--base32-c9gq6t9k68pk8c9rdtgppxbd71pped9rd1gq4rb7cwr2urk1edjk6cg-base32--></p><p>The best realtor ever!! He took a house that everyone else said was worth nothing and I was going to lose on the house and turned it around and end up making money on the home!! He used a professional approach in every aspect from let us know the color of mulch to put down to have cleaners and photographer to come to the house!! I think the pictures are what set the house apart from the others. He is my realtor now, in the future, and for my family and friends!! Moose is the best that there comes!!</p><p class="testimonial-author"><!--base32-c9gq6t9k68pk8c9rdtgppxbd71pped1jdtgpue9h6xq38e1g5nh62wv56ct0-base32-->- Seller</p><hr />

<p class="testimonial-text"><!--base32-c9gq6t9k68pk8c9rdtgppxbd71pped9rd1gq4rb7cwr2urk1edjk6cg-base32--></p><p>I wish Google will create 10 stars for people like Mustafa that goes above and beyond for their clients. My parents moved into Houston and they needed a house to buy. Mustafa was willing to pick them up and drive them around to see houses he had scheduled. He worked with them until they were able to find a place they could call home. Mus is one in a million. Thanks Bro</p><p class="testimonial-author"><!--base32-c9gq6t9k68pk8c9rdtgppxbd71pped1jdtgpue9h6xq38e1g5nh62wv56ct0-base32-->- Temi Ade</p><hr />

<p class="testimonial-text"><!--base32-c9gq6t9k68pk8c9rdtgppxbd71pped9rd1gq4rb7cwr2urk1edjk6cg-base32--></p><p>I had the distinct pleasure to work with Mustafa Faiz. I was in a tough situation and was guarded because of the previous realtor I had worked with. However, God blessed me with a Guardian Angel in Mustafa. He was informative, patient and most importantly TRANSPARENT. He guided me thru the process of selling my house. He never gave up, even on the many occasions I did. He is resourceful and strives to service his clients with dignity and respect. If you EVER need a qualified realtor to help you thru the most frustrating, tedious process of selling your home, look to Mustafa and his team. He will certainly not disappoint!!</p><p class="testimonial-author"><!--base32-c9gq6t9k68pk8c9rdtgppxbd71pped1jdtgpue9h6xq38e1g5nh62wv56ct0-base32-->- Stephanie</p><hr />

<p class="testimonial-text"><!--base32-c9gq6t9k68pk8c9rdtgppxbd71pped9rd1gq4rb7cwr2urk1edjk6cg-base32--></p><p>I wish I could leave 10 stars for Mustafa for such an amazing service who will walk you through every tiny details and lets you know about the cons and pros honest, talented and knowledgeable. He got us our dream house Highly recommended.</p><p class="testimonial-author"><!--base32-c9gq6t9k68pk8c9rdtgppxbd71pped1jdtgpue9h6xq38e1g5nh62wv56ct0-base32-->- Zafar Asar</p><hr />

<p class="testimonial-text"><!--base32-c9gq6t9k68pk8c9rdtgppxbd71pped9rd1gq4rb7cwr2urk1edjk6cg-base32--></p><p>Mustafa was very instrumental in helping us get the new place. I would strongly recommend him to any and all of my friends and family. Keep up the great work.”</p><p class="testimonial-author"><!--base32-c9gq6t9k68pk8c9rdtgppxbd71pped1jdtgpue9h6xq38e1g5nh62wv56ct0-base32-->- Buyer</p><hr />

<p class="testimonial-text"><!--base32-c9gq6t9k68pk8c9rdtgppxbd71pped9rd1gq4rb7cwr2urk1edjk6cg-base32--></p><p>Best realtor hands down. Great service from start to finish. Effective listener. Thanks for everything.</p><p class="testimonial-author"><!--base32-c9gq6t9k68pk8c9rdtgppxbd71pped1jdtgpue9h6xq38e1g5nh62wv56ct0-base32-->- Brian Kearney</p><hr />

<p class="testimonial-text"><!--base32-c9gq6t9k68pk8c9rdtgppxbd71pped9rd1gq4rb7cwr2urk1edjk6cg-base32--></p><p>Mus was always available when I had a question or concern...overall the experience was so seamless and much less stressful than I thought it would be...He negotiated with the buyer and put my concerns at ease when I thought I would have to do a lot more than I thought. Made my life sooooo much easier. I plan on using him for my next home purchase.</p><p class="testimonial-author"><!--base32-c9gq6t9k68pk8c9rdtgppxbd71pped1jdtgpue9h6xq38e1g5nh62wv56ct0-base32-->- Seller</p><hr />

<p class="testimonial-text"><!--base32-c9gq6t9k68pk8c9rdtgppxbd71pped9rd1gq4rb7cwr2urk1edjk6cg-base32--></p><p>Mustafa listed my home and worked tirelessly to find the right person for the property.  His knowledge of the market, management of the situation and professionalism in the trade of real estate cannot be over-stated or outdone by others.  When you work with "Moose", you are getting the best</p><p class="testimonial-author"><!--base32-c9gq6t9k68pk8c9rdtgppxbd71pped1jdtgpue9h6xq38e1g5nh62wv56ct0-base32-->- Marcus Gill</p><hr />

<p class="testimonial-text"><!--base32-c9gq6t9k68pk8c9rdtgppxbd71pped9rd1gq4rb7cwr2urk1edjk6cg-base32--></p><p>Mr. Mustafa Faiz is amazing. We had a great experience working with him. He is very knowledgeable and super helpful. Mr. Mustafa is so kind. He communicates in a simple way and of course, was always available. We will always recommend him to our family and friends.</p><p class="testimonial-author"><!--base32-c9gq6t9k68pk8c9rdtgppxbd71pped1jdtgpue9h6xq38e1g5nh62wv56ct0-base32-->- Buyer</p><hr />

<p class="testimonial-text"><!--base32-c9gq6t9k68pk8c9rdtgppxbd71pped9rd1gq4rb7cwr2urk1edjk6cg-base32--></p><p>Mustafa has represented me as a buyer and a seller on multiple transactions over the past several years.  Recently, Mustafa and his staff led me through several challenges with a property that I had for sale.  There were major issues with two liens that he helped me navigate and we got the deal done.  Mustafa worked tirelessly with the buyer's agent to ensure that we made it to the closing table and I am certain that the deal would have not gone through without his expertise.</p><p class="testimonial-author"><!--base32-c9gq6t9k68pk8c9rdtgppxbd71pped1jdtgpue9h6xq38e1g5nh62wv56ct0-base32-->- Ronnie Kwan</p><hr />

<p class="testimonial-text"><!--base32-c9gq6t9k68pk8c9rdtgppxbd71pped9rd1gq4rb7cwr2urk1edjk6cg-base32--></p><p>Over my career, both National and International, I have met and worked with business folks of all types. Mustafa Fiaz is honest, professional, polite, energetic and a man of his word. I will use him and recommend him to all my associates and friends. Cheers!</p><p class="testimonial-author"><!--base32-c9gq6t9k68pk8c9rdtgppxbd71pped1jdtgpue9h6xq38e1g5nh62wv56ct0-base32-->- Seller</p><hr />

<p class="testimonial-text"><!--base32-c9gq6t9k68pk8c9rdtgppxbd71pped9rd1gq4rb7cwr2urk1edjk6cg-base32--></p><p>Mustafa is an outstanding agent. He is highly professional and very knowledgeable in his field. He goes above and beyond to make sure that you are satisfy with your new home. I highly recommend Mustafa for anyone who is looking for their dream home. Thank you Mustafa for all your help and for being very patient.</p><p class="testimonial-author"><!--base32-c9gq6t9k68pk8c9rdtgppxbd71pped1jdtgpue9h6xq38e1g5nh62wv56ct0-base32-->- Shabnam Saeedi</p><hr />

<p class="testimonial-text"><!--base32-c9gq6t9k68pk8c9rdtgppxbd71pped9rd1gq4rb7cwr2urk1edjk6cg-base32--></p><p>Mustafa, was wonderful to work with. He was relentless and tireless in helping us find a home that we love. We will definitely use him again in any real estate business we do and will be the agent we recommend to others as well.”</p><p class="testimonial-author"><!--base32-c9gq6t9k68pk8c9rdtgppxbd71pped1jdtgpue9h6xq38e1g5nh62wv56ct0-base32-->- Seller</p><hr />

<p class="testimonial-text"><!--base32-c9gq6t9k68pk8c9rdtgppxbd71pped9rd1gq4rb7cwr2urk1edjk6cg-base32--></p><p>Mustafa deserves 10 stars. I used Mustafa to sell my first house. He was very patient throughout my whole closing process, he is a highly effective communicator and was careful to ensure I understood everything and no details got away. Mustafa negotiated the deal very well on my behalf and was an absolute pleasure to work with. I recommend!</p><p class="testimonial-author"><!--base32-c9gq6t9k68pk8c9rdtgppxbd71pped1jdtgpue9h6xq38e1g5nh62wv56ct0-base32-->- Denise Ali</p><hr />

<p class="testimonial-text"><!--base32-c9gq6t9k68pk8c9rdtgppxbd71pped9rd1gq4rb7cwr2urk1edjk6cg-base32--></p><p>I had a very pleasant experience with Mustafa as my realtor. He was consistently professional, knowledgeable, and responsive. I am an out of state buyer and Mustafa ensured the process was a smooth and informative one for me. I will be using Mustafa's services going forward and will highly recommend him to others.</p><p class="testimonial-author"><!--base32-c9gq6t9k68pk8c9rdtgppxbd71pped1jdtgpue9h6xq38e1g5nh62wv56ct0-base32-->- Buyer</p><hr />

<p class="testimonial-text"><!--base32-c9gq6t9k68pk8c9rdtgppxbd71pped9rd1gq4rb7cwr2urk1edjk6cg-base32--></p><p>Mustafa sold my house for a cash sale in only three days,  I listed with him after having my house on the market for 2 1/2 years. He was very professional and great to work with even got me $5000.00 more than I was asking. If I ever need another realtor I will definitely call Mustafa and I highly recommend him.</p><p class="testimonial-author"><!--base32-c9gq6t9k68pk8c9rdtgppxbd71pped1jdtgpue9h6xq38e1g5nh62wv56ct0-base32-->- Jim Moore</p><hr />

<p class="testimonial-text"><!--base32-c9gq6t9k68pk8c9rdtgppxbd71pped9rd1gq4rb7cwr2urk1edjk6cg-base32--></p><p>“Mustafa is great. We've sold two houses through him and bought one. He always kept us in the loop, is informed and gives good advice, and is easy to work with. I just recommended him to a friend and would refer family to him.</p><p class="testimonial-author"><!--base32-c9gq6t9k68pk8c9rdtgppxbd71pped1jdtgpue9h6xq38e1g5nh62wv56ct0-base32-->- Seller</p><hr />

<p class="testimonial-text"><!--base32-c9gq6t9k68pk8c9rdtgppxbd71pped9rd1gq4rb7cwr2urk1edjk6cg-base32--></p><p>I wish I could leave 10 stars, Mustafa is Super nice, fast, efficient and well organized! Highly recommended, Thanks Moose!!!</p><p class="testimonial-author"><!--base32-c9gq6t9k68pk8c9rdtgppxbd71pped1jdtgpue9h6xq38e1g5nh62wv56ct0-base32-->- Shawn Nazari</p><hr />

<p class="testimonial-text"><!--base32-c9gq6t9k68pk8c9rdtgppxbd71pped9rd1gq4rb7cwr2urk1edjk6cg-base32--></p><p>Service beyond expectations are the words that come to mind when working with Mustafa Faiz. He has represented me on many transactions on both the sale side and the acquisition side of real estate. Mustafa's knowledge of the marketplace and his communication skills are second to none. I think he may be a zombie as he often sends me answers to my questions at 3am in the mornings. His comps always come quickly and are always right on the money and this is very important to me. I have learned so much from him and continue to learn from him every time we talk. I consider Mustafa a valuable part of my real estate investment team. He effectively and efficiently gets me to the closing table every time. As a buyer's agent as well as a seller's agent, Mustafa is my go to realtor!</p><p class="testimonial-author"><!--base32-c9gq6t9k68pk8c9rdtgppxbd71pped1jdtgpue9h6xq38e1g5nh62wv56ct0-base32-->- Buyer</p><hr />

<p class="testimonial-text"><!--base32-c9gq6t9k68pk8c9rdtgppxbd71pped9rd1gq4rb7cwr2urk1edjk6cg-base32--></p><p>Would recommend Remax and Mustafa Faiz to all. He is very courteous, prompt ,efficient  and knowledgeable.</p><p class="testimonial-author"><!--base32-c9gq6t9k68pk8c9rdtgppxbd71pped1jdtgpue9h6xq38e1g5nh62wv56ct0-base32-->- Vinod Malhotra</p><hr />

<p class="testimonial-text"><!--base32-c9gq6t9k68pk8c9rdtgppxbd71pped9rd1gq4rb7cwr2urk1edjk6cg-base32--></p><p>Mustafa Faiz is Absolutely FANTASTIC real estate agent! He is the BEST realtor that we could have asked for. He went above and beyond of his normal duties to help us find the right house we needed with our budget. His professionalism, knowledge, honesty, and kind personalty making him one of a kind. He truly values his clients. High level of service and professionalism and extremely friendly on personal level. I had so many questions and was very anxious of buying a house but Mustafa Faiz has great real estate knowledge, and was very patient, polite, professional, and very clear detailed on explaining and answering all the questions I had. He always responded in a timely manner via email, text, and phone calls. Promptly on time for meetings. He looked out for our best interests. This house was multiple offer house. I followed his advises and all turned out even better than I thought. Thanks to Mustafa we own this house now. He made house purchase experience for us very pleasant and stress free. Everything went very smooth from making an offer to the last day of the closing. I will definitely, with no doubt work with Mustafa Faiz again and wish him great success in the future. I am very satisfied client. I would give him not only 5 but 10 STARS if I could.</p><p class="testimonial-author"><!--base32-c9gq6t9k68pk8c9rdtgppxbd71pped1jdtgpue9h6xq38e1g5nh62wv56ct0-base32-->- Buyer</p><hr />

<p class="testimonial-text"><!--base32-c9gq6t9k68pk8c9rdtgppxbd71pped9rd1gq4rb7cwr2urk1edjk6cg-base32--></p><p>Mustafa is a very knowledgeable real estate agent that knows how to help on both the buyer and the seller side.</p><p class="testimonial-author"><!--base32-c9gq6t9k68pk8c9rdtgppxbd71pped1jdtgpue9h6xq38e1g5nh62wv56ct0-base32-->- Andrew Kwan</p><hr />

<p class="testimonial-text"><!--base32-c9gq6t9k68pk8c9rdtgppxbd71pped9rd1gq4rb7cwr2urk1edjk6cg-base32--></p><p>We were so fortunate to have found Mr.Mustafa Faiz when we moved to Houston. As our Realtor, he helped us find the right house in the right neighborhood for the right price. He was patient as we traveled from Arlington TX. to look at homes and cautioned us about we never knew about homes. In short, he was always on our side working to make our house purchase as simple and successful as possible. The best part about working with Mr. Faiz was that he was always more focused on answering our questions, honest ,smart , giving us good advice, very quick respond ,so responsible , and finding homes that met our needs than he was on closing a deal. Because of my job I was out of town and I was communicating with him mostly by email .He worked too hard to get everything done for us to finally closed processing .I am very happy to know him ,he became our family friend and we would recommend him to anyone.</p><p class="testimonial-author"><!--base32-c9gq6t9k68pk8c9rdtgppxbd71pped1jdtgpue9h6xq38e1g5nh62wv56ct0-base32-->- John</p><hr />
